a giant prehistoric looking bird a
Shoebill standing well over a metre tall
she roams these swamps trying the catch
not exactly what she was after deeper
into the swamp lies the reason for all
this fishing this trick is just three
weeks old and a little bit wobbly on its
feet its vast bill means it has trouble
balancing it won't be able to fly or
even walk properly for several weeks
it's entirely reliant on its pans for
food and water
there is also a smaller chick who isn't
doing so well
ha
the larger chick pestis its mother for a
drink while she goes off to fetch water
it reveals a dark side to the
relationship with its nest mate
it's three days older than the other
chick and has always won the race for
food at attention
this is more than just a scrap between
two siblings
as their mother returns she sees what
the Logitech has done
the smaller chick seeks its mother's
comfort
but she has already made her choice
only her firstborn will get a drink